Participant 1, Suggestion 1 (Scored 4/5)

Kevin Sheldrake: So, to start with, please, could you tell me about your initial thoughts when I gave you the exercise. What were the first thoughts that went through your mind?
P1: Erm, I guess initially I it. I was like obviously aware that, like I'm on a zoom call, I'm like being like watched doing it.
P1: But then... so I don't know. I had like... I I was kind of conscious of having like... feeling like those expectations and stuff.
P1: But then I kind of tried to like... just push that out my head... like to just actually listen to... like you and like the instructions.
P1: And you know, just think about the study... and then... I just kind of got more focused... on that and then...
P1: it was... almost like when I was... like I could feel that my hands were getting closer together
P1: but it wasn't... a conscious choice, and even though I wasn't like resisting it,
P1: it wasn't like I was... trying to... put my hands together. If that makes sense.
Kevin Sheldrake: You mentioned expectations that you then pushed out of your mind. What kind of expectations or how would you describe them?
P1: Erm... Well like... expectations of I don't know... like you're doing a study... and you know like... results and stuff on it.
P1: And I was kind of thinking like, Oh...
P1: like I like, I kind of was thinking like, Am I really?
P1: Is this really like, am I consciously doing this, or is it erm, am I not?
P1: It is like, do you know what I mean? Like it is it in my control or not?
P1: And then I was thinking like "Oh, well"
P1: I don't know how to explain it like expectations and so... in terms of like what, I guess in a way, what type of results that you would want for the study.
P1: And then I was trying to think like, well... they, you know, like I I was just trying to like not think that.
P1: So I was like. Well, then, that in turn, like there's no point in that. Do you know what I mean?
Kevin Sheldrake: So that's kind of interesting, and when you push them out of your mind. Did that mean that you... were... became unaware of those expectations, do you think?
P1: I kind of just like... I just like put them in the back of my mind.
P1: I was like, Oh, I'm like I I was still aware that I was having those thoughts.
P1: But I was like, I'm... not... choosing not to engage with them if that makes sense.
P1: And then... I don't know. Oh, it was more like I. It was more just like a... relaxing like I was just, I guess.
P1: So I had those ideas by expectation, expectations, and stuff was almost like a bit of like anxiety around the experiment.
P1: But then I was just like... I just tried to calm down, basically.
P1: And then... if I don't know that like it just kind of... my brain just got a bit quieter, I guess...
Kevin Sheldrake: So would you say there were fewer thoughts?
P1: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: So you started with more sort of like, like you say some anxieties, anxiety, maybe, and some expectations, you know, of what might be needed, and then they quieten down?
P1: Yeah. They distracted me a little bit.
Kevin Sheldrake: Did they get replaced by other thoughts?
P1: Erm... They like... they didn't really get replaced by other thoughts.
P1: It was more just... um, I was just more focused on like your instructions, and just that.
Kevin Sheldrake: While I was giving you the exercise, what was kind of going through your mind then? So after that moment and your your arms were out here [gestures], and you, you said you sort of started to feel them kind of pulling.
P1: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: What sort of thoughts did you have about that as that sort of started.
P1: Erm, I had like definitely more like... I felt like I had that more sense of feeling like in my hands...
P1: and it was more like... I don't know it. It just kind of felt almost like like magnets or something...
P1: And I was just really like focused on that.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay, so in terms of the sense of feeling in your hands, are you saying that you're kind of more aware of your hands, or you're more focused on them than you would normally be?
P1: Erm:: Yes, definitely like more and more aware and more focused on the sensation.
P1: But um... but even like with my hands now, I don't like it, doesn't... it's just different. [looks at hands]
P1: Like I. It's because I'm:: like, I just look at my hands now [raises hands] as like the rest of my part of my body, but it was more like I was only feeling my hands. If that makes sense.
P1: It was that... that was all. That was all, I was focused on.
Kevin Sheldrake: So in terms of feeling your hands, was there anything to do with temperature or anything else?
P1: Erm, they definitely felt like a little bit warmer, and maybe a bit... like heavier.
Kevin Sheldrake: And you mentioned that you thought of magnets. Was that imagined? Could you see magnets? Did you imagine magnets?
P1: It. It wasn't. It wasn't like a mental image. It was more like the sensation of my hands being pulled...
P1: was like, if you would. Erm, is it like if you were holding two magnets? And then like, and they were just [simulates hands holding magnets coming together]
P1: But yeah, that was that wasn't like an image of magnets in my mind, or anything.
Kevin Sheldrake: No, okay. How did you feel about it when your hand started to, when you start to fill that pull?
P1: Erm::..., firstly, I didn't really like I was like, Oh, this is fine,
P1: but I was kind of surprised that like... that, like how close they got, and like towards the end, I was like... I don't know it. It just it just caught it caught me off guard, I guess.
Kevin Sheldrake: So towards the end there your hands were very close together, and then they did touch a couple of times. Were you aware they touched? Were you aware that they were that close?
P1: I knew that they were close, but I think I didn't realise they were that close.
P1: And then... I was like... I don't know. I guess that may. That might have like taken me out of it a bit by actually like feeling my hands touched.
P1: It might have... I don't know... taken me out of it a little bit.
Kevin Sheldrake: Right. Can you describe that in other words, the being taking out of it?
P1: Erm, it was more like er... when, like my hands touched, I kind of... er... like became more aware of like me being in a study, I guess.
P1: Like it. I wasn't... It was kind of like a... like a moment of like clarity of like "Oh."
P1: Like I've just my my hands have just come together without me trying to.
Kevin Sheldrake: Is there a way of describing that with any more insight?
P1: Erm, almost a bit like... um... I don't know it. It was just more like a like unconscious
P1: like I was just... like I had like a... like a blank mind,
P1: and I was just... I don't know. It's... It's it's hard to explain, because, like for me, it was like there was not much like going on in my mind.
P1: So I'm like, how do I describe that? Do you know what I mean?
Kevin Sheldrake: And you weren't really seeing pictures or?
P1: No, I I yeah, I don't know if it's um... I I normally, I don't tend to have a very like strong mental image, anyway. So I don't know if it's related to that. But yeah, I don't really have any mental images or anything.
Kevin Sheldrake: Is there anything else that you want to say about that? Any of the sort of facets of it that we haven't kind of investigated?
P1: Erm... I I think that's all I can think of at the moment.
