Participant 1, Suggestion 2 (Scored 4/5)

[Participant began talking about the suggestion immediately after it without prompt.]
P1: Okay... that one... Yeah, that one was definitely a bit different, but um... still similar. But...
P1: Er, it was, I could definitely still move my hands a little bit
P1: but it it was definitely still.
P1: They still felt like... tacky, almost like.
P1: I also felt some like like tingling in my arms a little bit... Um...
P1: that could have just been from holding them up.
P1: Erm... In terms of er... like mental images. I I I don't know.
P1: I did like keep thinking of like glue, I guess, but I guess... related to stuck
Kevin Sheldrake: Did you think about glue in terms of literally between your hands, or just in a more general sense?
P1: It was not in... not in relation to my hands, just more of like a in a general sense, like I just...
P1: I don't know there were like... I just... glue... just keep... kept coming to my mind.
Kevin Sheldrake: The word glue, or?
P1: Just the word glue.
Kevin Sheldrake: Concept maybe?
P1: Yeah, just like the concept of it, just particularly whenever like hearing the word "stuck" it just came to me. I don't know.
Kevin Sheldrake: And so that concept of glue did that involve things being stuck in the concept that was coming to mind, or was it just the glue on its own?
P1: Erm... a bit of both more of like... just the concept of it of like it being... like a like a Pritt Stick, or like... like just an object more.
Kevin Sheldrake: So you mentioned tacky when you talked about your hands. Is that something that you would ascribe to that kind of concept to the glue?
P1: Yeah, I would say, so, yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay, so when we started and you, you closed your eyes and you put your hands out. Did you have a different experience to when we started the last one because you're more aware of what's going on? Or were there other things happening?
P1: I was definitely more aware
P1: because after I had, like some of the more questions I kind of...
P1: I guess, like racked my brain to like... kind of pay attention a bit more...
P1: 'cause. I obviously like, after hearing, like the question prompts like I knew more about like what to... pay attention to. If that makes sense.
P1: But... and then, in terms of... er, like sensation and stuff, it was definitely a stronger sensation on the second one.
P1: I don't know if that was because my hands were touching each other... though
P1: So I could kind of I don't know, and they were. I could feel them move against each other a bit.
Kevin Sheldrake: Right and so do you think that awareness of the tactile feeling kinda affected how you were thinking?
P1: I think so. Yeah, I would definitely say so, because... it I don't know. It was just more... I could. I could just feel more. I don't know.
Kevin Sheldrake: Did you try to pull them apart?
P1: I did try to pull them apart at the end. It was... I don't know. It definitely felt like there was like some resistance,
P1: but I was able to slowly, like almost pry them apart it felt like.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay, so there was, there was resistance there.
P1: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: How did you feel about that, or or did you have thoughts about that?
P1: Erm... the I was thinking when I was trying to pull them apart. It was strange, because, like I said, there was some resistance, but it wasn't.
P1: There was no like pain, or anything like that would be if your hands were like actually stuck together.
P1: And then as I was paying more attention to that feeling, it got easier and easier to... pull them apart.
Kevin Sheldrake: And when it was a bit difficult to pull them apart at first was that surprising in any sense?
P1: Um, I think it surprised me a little bit.
P1: I I did kind of... I... when when I was feeling that resistance, I did kind of think. "Oh, you know, your hands aren't actually stuck together like. Just pull them apart."
P1: But then it was... it was just like a more... like a deeper feeling that, like I couldn't.
P1: I was I was getting like the awareness of that, like my hands obviously aren't actually stuck together. I can pull them apart.
P1: But it was more... like... I... I just... couldn't or I shouldn't. I don't know.
Kevin Sheldrake: And then you didn't actually separate your hands until I said we were done.
P1: No
Kevin Sheldrake: So in terms of the deeper feeling of them being stuck, is that a different kind of thought or feeling to kind of the awareness that you could bring them apart?
P1: Um::... Yeah, I would say, it's it definitely is different, because...
P1: it wasn't necessarily like... um... like the the I had like my regular awareness that, like I... you know that...
P1: then my hands weren't actually stuck together, and that was more like in the forefront of my mind, whereas
P1: I I don't even know if at the time I was like aware of that deeper feeling that, like I can't, that like I can't.
P1: It was more like... I don't know. It was just more of like a gut feeling. I guess
Kevin Sheldrake: So, did you become aware of that at the point when you tried to pull them apart? Or were you kind of aware of that before then, do you think?
P1: Erm::... I think before then, but then I kind of only started picking up on it when I was told to try and take them apart.
Kevin Sheldrake: Was that surprising in its own right that that sort of feeling or that knowledge was kind of there?
P1: Yeah, because it it. Yeah, it was surprising, because it almost it was almost like like two conflicting feelings, I guess. So.
Kevin Sheldrake: So in terms of any mental imagery, and I think you sort of said there wasn't really a lot but?
P1: Just yeah, just I had a at the start. I had, like a brief images of... glue. Different different... ways, like... different types of glue. And then...
P1: But then that kind of... er... I don't know. It kind of died down a little bit.
P1: It was just like it. They kind of like faded away a bit as mine.
P1: Like as I got... more focused on like just my hands alone, kind of similar to... last time as well, I guess.
Kevin Sheldrake: Right. So would you say that that was like a quietening of your mind in that sense? Or is it just because you became more occupied with other thoughts or feeling?
P1: I guess it's hard to say, for sure I would say... I don't know it.
P1: It was more like I, I was just focused on my hands.
P1: It wasn't like I was still having thoughts,
P1: but it was... just solely like on my hand, and like kind of... the just, the sensation of them touching each other.
Kevin Sheldrake: So the thoughts that you mentioned they were all about the hands, were they?
P1: Yeah.
P1: And then that like, I said, like a little bit about my arms. And yeah, just being up.
