Participant 1, Suggestion 3 (Scored 1/5)

Kevin Sheldrake: Okay. So I didn't see you raise your hand.
P1: So I I was really trying to focus to see if I could hear anything.
P1: But I just I didn't really hear anything.
Kevin Sheldrake: You didn't hear anything. So okay, that's fine. So when we first started and I said, a recording will be played to you. How did you feel at that moment, or what thoughts did you have?
P1: I was... kind of like... trying to like, settle myself in and kind of get comfortable, so I could just, and like be still, so I could just focus on like what I was only hearing.
P1: And then once I got kind of more comfortable, I was thinking of what does Happy Birthday actually sound like? 
P1: I was trying to go over like the the rhythm.
P1: And like I was thinking like Oh, how like, how does it go and stuff?
P1: And then I was trying to compare that to what I was hearing
P1: and thinking like, am I picking up something, or am I not?
P1: And then I was just like, no, I'm I'm I don't think I am.
Kevin Sheldrake: Did that change the longer it went on? 
P1: I don't know. I feel like I I would hear like certain like...
P1: I don't. I don't even know if I was hearing like actual noises
P1: or I don't know if I was just picking up on stuff from my environment and being like Oh, is that like part of it that I just heard like on a very low level.
P1: But erm::... but I never heard like a... like something strong enough to actually be like, oh, I can actually hear this.
Kevin Sheldrake: Do you know what level you were at when you were kinda when you were sort of aware of that?
P1: Oh, I think it was when you said Level 3.
P1: And I was thinking, no, it was kind. I kind of have that real realisation of like how I just I really can't hear it.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay. And then, do you think your thoughts kind of changed after that?
P1: Um::... I think I, don't know.
P1: I became maybe a little bit less focused because it was when um you were saying, like the increase in level, and then I was at those points I was really trying to like listen, if some, if it became like more, anything, became more clear, like sound wise, and... when, like I couldn't... sense that... I kind of... became like a bit more... like I don't know. Maybe not as focused on it.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay. And then did you have thoughts about the experiment, or outside of the experiment or other things?
P1: Um, I kind of I don't know. I kind of... like... like I don't know. I kind of became aware that like oh, probably something isn't playing.
P1: and then I don't know. I guess that might have just taken me out of it like it to take take my focus from it.
P1: 'Cause. I guess I I was still like even though I knew I wasn't hearing it. I was still kind of playing it over in my head to try and detect it like I I was really trying to hear it. Do you know what I mean?
Kevin Sheldrake: Yeah. So there was something going on. But it wasn't...?
P1: It really wasn't as like... like lucid as like the other ones.
Kevin Sheldrake: okay, is there, is there anything else on the "happy birthday to you" that occurs to you? Thoughts, feelings, imaginings, any other kind of perceptions?
P1: Erm::... I don't know. I guess... a little bit. I kind of because I was so focused on my hearing I kind of became just more aware of, like my ears, or like I don't know just I I could like feel like my hair touching them, and I could kind of like... hear, like those like small background, sounds like a lot more clearer.
Kevin Sheldrake: That's interesting. So more aware of actual outside sounds, but also more aware of the actual sensations of your of your ear?
P1: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: Were you applying effort to to try to hear more, and that kind of focused on actual sounds as opposed to kind of imagined or hallucinated sounds?
P1: No, yeah, I was definitely trying to like, pay attention more to my actual hearing... and just to focus like solely on that.
P1: and then kind of compare that to my thoughts in my like imagination.
Kevin Sheldrake: Did you ever think, that you could just make it feel real? Or you had the imagined sound in your head and you could kind of shift that in some way so that it would feel as if it was coming from outside?
P1: yeah, I mean, I guess so like um::... 'cause. Yeah, I like you say, like I kept. I kept like I... was telling myself like the rhythm, and like how it... like, how it goes and stuff.
P1: And I was thinking... like, if is this is like it, is it the same like me hearing it in my head as like me hearing it out loud, and... would that kind of change my rating of it, like how much like it it felt real.
P1: But then at the same time, I was like, Well... if I know that this is in my head then like, it's not like... then that shows, like my awareness, that it's not actually playing, if that makes sense.

