Participant 2, Suggestion 1 (Scored 4/5)

Kevin Sheldrake: So to start with can you tell me about your initial thoughts when I was reading that suggestion?
P2: I didn't really expect to feel like they were coming together. Um.
Kevin Sheldrake: You didn't think you'd feel that?
P2: No, I didn't think I was, um,
P2: but then I actually did when you were like reading it. Um...
P2: And then I felt like if there was like a string or something between them. Yeah, like bringing them together. -- How much my hands actually move? --
Kevin Sheldrake: You went from about here, which was about 40cm [gestures] to about here which was about 20cm [gestures].
P2: Yeah, I could feel them moving together...
P2: And obviously, I can just like tried to go with it. But yeah, it was really strange.
Kevin Sheldrake: Its own its own right. So if you, if you had to score that on a scale between nought and 5 where nought was it wasn't real at all, and 5 was that the movement was real. So how would you score that?
P2: Erm probably a 4.
Kevin Sheldrake: And so you mentioned a string. Is that something you were, you were seeing in your imagination?
P2: No, I kind of just feel it.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay. And how do you feel that? Do you feel something stuck to your hands, or pulling at your hands, or?
P2: Um::... yeah. Well, it was more like in the palms of my hands.
P2: Just like, yeah, this force like, bring them together.
Kevin Sheldrake: And that was from from the inside of your hands, as opposed to pushing, so pulling rather than pushing?
P2: Yes.
Kevin Sheldrake: So there was a moment when they hadn't moved, and then they started moving. Were you were you aware of that kind of moment when that happened?
P2: No
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay. So were you aware that they'd moved at all?
P2: I thought they were kind of moving since the beginning, like it definitely got stronger as it went on.
P2: but yeah, 'cause I felt it. I didn't really feel it between my hands, really, at the start.
P2: but then I did like. Towards the end.
Kevin Sheldrake: What do you think changed that meant that you could feel that more? Were were you more focused on it?
P2: Yeah, I was really focusing on like what you were saying, trying to believe that it was happening. And then I felt like I could feel it more.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay. So at the beginning, do you think that you didn't really believe it? And then, more towards the end, you believed it more.
P2: Yeah, well, I could feel it more.
Kevin Sheldrake: So did the feeling of it make it more believable.
P2: Yeah.
]Kevin Sheldrake: So you could feel the pulling, but did you not feel them actually move? Or did you feel them move?
P2: At the start. I felt like they were moving a bit.
P2: But then I started feeling the pull in more.
P2: And then I think that's when they moved more.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay. And you're aware of the actual movement. So okay, so they were moving. And the force was more powerful as it went on, right?
P2: Yeah
Kevin Sheldrake: So at the beginning, when you closed your eyes, were you seeing your hands in your mind's eye?
P2: I remember seeing more like blackness this time.
P2: But I still kind of had this like... image... like this, like shape in my mind of like my hands coming together.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay, so when you say like a shape, is it that you're aware of your hands and where they were?
P2: Yeah
Kevin Sheldrake: Because some people don't really see as much, but they could still describe what was going on. And then other people can kind of see a more visual kind of thing.
P2: Yeah, like I could see them not as much as the first time, but like I kind of have this picture of my hands, and where they are.
Kevin Sheldrake: So in your minds eye, could you see them moving?
P2: Yeah
Kevin Sheldrake: And you think that kind of tied up with where your hands actually ended up in reality?
P2: Yeah, I think so.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay, were you aware of any thoughts or feelings that were outside of the experiment. So anything that was kind of like, completely separate to what we were trying to do?
P2: No.
Kevin Sheldrake: could you stopped them from coming together and pulled them apart, do you think?
P2: If I wanted to pull them apart I could have pulled them apart. Yeah.
P2: but... I think I probably, if you said like, keep them still. I think they would have carried on moving together.
Kevin Sheldrake: Oh, right. Okay. So the imagined or the the suggested action would have continued, if I'd have asked you to try and hold them still?
P2: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: But if you'd wanted to pull them apart you could have done?
P2: Yeah.
