Participant 2, Suggestion 2 (Scored 1/5)

Kevin Sheldrake: So if you wanted to score that on a scale from nought to five, where nought was you didn't feel anything at all and five was you really, really felt it. Where would you put that as a score?
P2: Probably a one. I didn't really feel it that time.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay, interesting. Good. Because your hands, your hands, were there [gestures hands together]. It wasn't clear from the outside that they weren't stuck, but you can move them, and everything else.
P2: Yeah, if I wanted to. Yeah, I think I could have. So it didn't really feel stuck together.
Kevin Sheldrake: Oh, okay, that's interesting. So at the beginning, before we got started, did you have thoughts about it in your mind, about what we're about to do?
P2: Erm yeah, I was just really trying to like... imagine what you were saying and try like, believe it.
P2: erm... but yeah, I just didn't really feel like I felt it that much that time.
Kevin Sheldrake: So do you feel like you didn't believe it as much or at all?
P2: Yeah, maybe. Yeah, I think so.
Kevin Sheldrake: And were there thoughts that accompanied that, or thoughts about the belief like, "oh, this isn't gonna work", or whatever?
P2: Yeah, I was trying to like, well, I had like a really clear picture of like my hands in my mind. And I was trying to like... imagine them being stuck together... but I just didn't really feel like we were much.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay. And that was before you'd tested them? You kinda just knew?
P2: No sorry that that was like in the experiment at the start I like didn't really. I kind of thought, maybe because the last time I did feel it quite a lot, but I didn't believe that like I feel as much this time.
Kevin Sheldrake: Yeah, but you, but you had a good imagination of them being there?
P2: Yes
Kevin Sheldrake: So we kind of wanna mine any other sort of stray thoughts about that. I mean, it's interesting about not believing that they were stuck. That's the kind of thing that would be interesting to know more about. Is it just that it was ridiculous?
P2: Yeah, I think it was just cause before... I could like... believe that they were coming together more. 'Cause I think so obviously I knew my hands weren't getting stuck together.
P2: That's probably why I found it harder to like buy into it as much.
Kevin Sheldrake: so there's not much that could have been done to make that more believable, I guess, at the time?
P2: Yeah, no, don't think so.
Kevin Sheldrake: I'm guessing from what I could see you didn't appear to be pulling them apart during the suggestion, at least until the end. But you still knew along the way that they weren't stuck?
PP2: Like I was trying to imagine them being more stuck. --Sorry-- [cross talk] I was trying to imagine them like coming together.
P2: Was I meant to be like moving them apart?
Kevin Sheldrake: No, no, throughout the suggestion it's just "they're stuck, they're stuck, they're stuck". And then at the end, you could try pulling them apart. And that's obviously when you are asked to try. But you but you were aware all along that they weren't stuck?
P2: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: Did you have any pictures in your mind's eye that reflected that they weren't stuck?
P2: No, I was trying to imagine, like glue in between my hands.
P2: But yeah, it didn't really make any difference.
Kevin Sheldrake: Do you think that with better imagery do you reckon that might have worked?
P2: Yeah. Maybe I think just cause with that one... I didn't really believe... that I was gonna feel like my hands were stuck.
P2: It's probably why I didn't feel it as much.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay so I guess an interesting question would be could I have given you any instructions or said anything that would have made you more likely to believe that your hands could have been stuck?
P2: Um:: maybe... if it was more that like, they were getting pushed together again, instead of like them being sticky like not being able to pull them apart. I feel like maybe that would have made the force stronger. I don't know.
P2: I think, cause I was like trying to imagine them with like glue or something between them like actually being stuck together like I just... it wasn't working.
Kevin Sheldrake: Have you ever stuck your hands together with glue?
P2: No.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay. Do you think that would have made a difference?
P2: Maybe yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: 'cause what I'm wondering is how much would you need to believe that for you not to be able to get them apart?
P2: Yeah... probably quite a lot. Yeah, I just didn't feel like they were sticky at all. It felt like I could easily like [gestures hands coming apart].
Kevin Sheldrake: So do you think that'd ever be possible?
P2: No, I don't think so, no. I think I would have always been able to bring them apart again.
P2: And like, in the first exercise, I could really feel my hands coming together. But I didn't feel like they were sticky at. So like I kind of felt then opposite.
