Participant 2, Suggestion 3 (Scored 0/5)

Kevin Sheldrake: So if you were to score that on the scale of nought to five in terms of how much you so felt it, how much you experienced it. Where would you put that?
P2: Um, zero.
Kevin Sheldrake: So do you want to talk us through what you were thinking, feeling or experiencing?
P2: I started singing it in my head.
P2: And I was like trying to hear it, cause I was expecting to hear it.
P2: And then once it got to like Level 4 when you said it was the loudest setting I was like, oh, it's not.
Kevin Sheldrake: So you were imagining it in your head, or you were hearing in your head, or you're singing in your head, I think you said?
P2: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: I guess they're pretty much the same thing.
P2: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: So would you say that before we got to that point where I said, "this is level 4", were you kind of unaware you were supposed to be creating the sound yourself, or were you unaware that it wasn't playing, and you just couldn't hear it?
P2: Yeah, I thought it was playing, and I just couldn't hear it yet, but I was kind of expecting that like um it would just be really quiet, and then cause I was singing at my head, it'd kind of like connect it together. But then, yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: So for the first 3 levels of the volume you kind of thought it was just too quiet to be able to hear it?
P2: Yeah, like I was expecting it to be like turned up more then I'd start to hear it. And then I'd connect... like the quiet sound to it in my head, and when I thought it'd like kind of sync up to where I was singing it in my head if I'd like hear like a bit of noise.
P2: but I couldn't hear anything.
Kevin Sheldrake: So there was nothing in the instructions to make you sort of think that your imagination was supposed to sort of help that?
P2: No no.
Kevin Sheldrake: Even then I guess you'd have been aware that you were imagining, rather than hearing?
P2: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: Did you see any images in your mind's eye related to this?
P2: No, it's just darkness, really...
P2: Yeah, I think when I have um... like clearer images... in my mind, like when I was doing the hand, like the pulling hands one, 'cause. I was like really seeing it in my mind. I think that's why I probably like felt it more.
