Participant 3, Suggestion 1 (Scored 2/5)

Kevin Sheldrake: So in terms of rating the experience from nought to five, where nought is you didn't feel the effect at all of five is that it felt very real. Where would you kind of put that, do you think?
P3: Maybe like one or 2.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay, are you aware if your hands moved? Obviously I didn't see them so.
P3: I think they moved a little bit like, maybe like.
Kevin Sheldrake: But they didn't come as close together to touch?
P3: No.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay. So we're gonna now talk about what you thought, felt and experienced during that. So when you first closed your eyes and you had your hands out, what sort of thoughts are you aware of going through your mind?
P3: Erm:: well, I was like oh, putting my hands out, again.
P3: Erm::... what else? And I was kind of picturing like a force between my hands.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay? And could you see that as an image?
P3: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: Do you think that had an effect on your hands moving?
P3: I think, yeah. It did.
Kevin Sheldrake: So when you first noticed your hand start to move, tell me about that. Was there any surprise, or was that normal, natural?
P3: I was a bit surprised, but I was like... um I was kind of expecting it because of the cognition one. My hands did move a bit as well.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay, did they move similar amounts to as they did before?
P3: Yeah, I think so.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay, that's kind of interesting. And I guess you probably scored it a similar kind of number then, because it's a similar kind of behaviour, I guess.
Kevin Sheldrake: So when they started moving, did that change what you were imagining or what you're aware of? Or what you're feeling?
P3: Erm::... No I was still imagining the same thing.
Kevin Sheldrake: And that was that was all the way until I said, Open your eyes?
P3: Yeah, I kept being conscious of you speaking though. I was trying to stay in my head.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay, so if I hadn't spoken, do you think that would have made it easier?
P3: Um::... maybe. Yeah, because I kept coming like back out and then back in. If you know what I mean, I don't know.
Kevin Sheldrake: Can you describe in other words, what you mean by in and out in that context.
P3: Like I kept being conscious that I was in an experiment, and then I went back in my head and was trying to imagine.
Kevin Sheldrake: So when you're conscious that you're in an experiment, did you stop seeing the images, for example, of the force?
P3: Yeah, it was like it distracted me.
Kevin Sheldrake: Did you see any other images of any kind? I guess maybe you're imagining the experiment.
P3: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: So to recap, your imagination of the force ceased when you kind of came out, and were thinking about the experiment, and then, when you were back in it, kind of reappeared.
P3: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: And that happened every time I spoke?
P3: It wasn't every time you spoke. It was just... when I... remembered.
Kevin Sheldrake: So would you say that for some part of it you didn't really remember you were in an experiment?
P3: I think maybe that's the wrong word. But um like I became like more conscious of it.
Kevin Sheldrake: So when you were as less aware as you could be in those moments, can you describe how that feels, or what that is like?
P3: Well, I was just... like my hands felt more like they were being attracted like... there was. I don't know.
Kevin Sheldrake: Did it change how your hands felt at all?
P3: Um:: It just like they moved more when I when I was.
Kevin Sheldrake: But you didn't notice like temperature changes, or like a tingling or heaviness or anything like that? [Participant shook head] No?
Kevin Sheldrake: Are there any other things you could think about about that particular exercise that you wanna say before we move on? Any other thoughts or things? [Participant shook head] No, okay, fine.
