Participant 3, Suggestion 2 (Scored 1/5)

Kevin Sheldrake: So again, first thing is, how would you score that on that scale of nought to five where nought is you didn't feel at all and five is it felt real.
P3: probably like a one.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay, fair enough. So there was some level of stickiness, then. [Participant nodded] But it wasn't...
P3: No, it wasn't as... much as the other one.
Kevin Sheldrake: So to start with, can you tell me about your initial thoughts?
P3: Erm:: well, I thought I imagined like honey like stuck... [gestures hands stuck] with my hands.
P3: Um and when you were saying like tighter and tighter my hands like I was imagining, like rope, or something [gestures wrapping rope around hands] like it was... pushing my hands more.
Kevin Sheldrake: If it had been honey, do you think that would have stopped you if there really was honey there? Do you think that would have stopped you pulling your hands apart?
P3: No.
Kevin Sheldrake: And if it had really been bound with rope, do you think that would have stopped you pulling your hands apart?
P3: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: So of those imaginings could you actually see them in your mind's eye?
P3: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: And did they remain, or did they change over the course of the exercise?
P3: Well um, it was similar with the other one. When I was more conscious that I was in an experiment, I was... it went a bit.
Kevin Sheldrake: How many times do you think that happened during the words?
P3: maybe like 3 or 4 times.
Kevin Sheldrake: And so again, so just to recap, you're saying that you kind of came out of it. And you felt the effect less. The imagination kind of went away.
P3: Yeah, like, I got distracted from it.
Kevin Sheldrake: So if you hadn't been distracted, do you think that would have had a different effect?
P3: I don't know. Maybe it would have been more strong.
Kevin Sheldrake: And so when I said, Just try to separate your hands at the end, were you still seeing the imagery of the of the rope, or the other things?
P3: Um:::... Yeah, I think so.
Kevin Sheldrake: So sort of still there, but you could separate your hands. [Participant nodded]
Kevin Sheldrake: So did the image change to accommodate your hands?
P3: Yeah, I think that just it was when you're saying tighter and tighter. That was when... I could picture like the rope. That's what... put it in my head, and then it kind of just went. It was just...
Kevin Sheldrake: So the rope image kind of went away before we got to that end point?
P3: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: So when I asked you to try and separate them, did you have any images at all at that point?
P3: I was still trying to like picture honey.
Kevin Sheldrake: Do you feel that it was harder to pull your hands apart than it would otherwise have been? Do you feel like it has any effect?
P3: Erm::... maybe a little bit. Not really.
Kevin Sheldrake: So I wonder if you'd been imagining the rope all the way to the end whether that might have had a different effect?
P3: Possibly.
Kevin Sheldrake: Were there any other things you could think about that you're aware of during the during that exercise?
P3: Hmm::: No.
Kevin Sheldrake: So any sensations in the hands or arms?
P3: They felt a bit like... they were pressing together more... but... Not anything else.
Kevin Sheldrake: So when you say more, do you mean more than you thought you were pressing them?
P3: Like compared to the start... and then, as it then, you kept talking, they felt like they were pressing more together.
