Participant 3, Suggestion 3 (Scored 0/5)

Kevin Sheldrake: And how would you score that on the scale of nought to five where nought was you didn't really feel any effect at all and five is, it was entirely real?
P3: 0.
Kevin Sheldrake: So if we if we were to go over that those few seconds again, I'll say a few seconds but it's close to 30 seconds, from the beginning again, when I asked you to close your eyes, what were your first thoughts?
P3: Um:::... well, my brain started singing it to myself.
P3: But then I also I remembered it from the cognition one, and I was like, oh, I know what happens like it doesn't play.
Kevin Sheldrake: That's right. It doesn't actually play. You have to make it somehow. But you could hear in your head so I'm guessing that there's a distinction between hearing it in your head and and feeling like it was coming from outside?
P3: Yeah, like I could hear my, I don't know if it was myself singing it, but like it was... not... the actual song.
Kevin Sheldrake: Not coming from the room around you or the computer?
P3: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: So when you said you could hear it in your head, are you aware of imagining anything along the lines with that.
P3: Um::... I think... I pictured like a cake... when you said birthday it was just... an image, and then it went.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay, so very, very briefly, there was a cake because of birthday?
P3: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: Did you continue to hear that happy birthday to you in your head during the whole exercise? Or did that stop when you kind of recalled that it wasn't going to be playing out loud?
P3: Erm... No, it like, went on. I just was singing away my head.
Kevin Sheldrake: Did you feel anything different, emotionally or anything?
P3: No.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay, so and along the way, then what sort of thoughts were going through your mind? So you came to the realisation that it wasn't going to be playing out loud because of the memory. Did you have more thoughts after that point about what was going on, the experiment itself, or whatever?
P3: Um::... no, but like, as you were saying, it was getting louder, the like, the radio in my brain was making it louder in my brain,
P3: but like it was, it was stupid because I knew it was not happening, but it was like.
P3: I was like. It was like screaming so.
P3: And more expensive, but.
Kevin Sheldrake: It was interesting that the words had an effect on how loud it was sounding in your head. But it didn't change how real it felt, or how external it felt in that sense?
P3: Yeah, it felt like I was consciously... doing it myself.
