Participant 4, Suggestion 1 (Scored 5/5)

Kevin Sheldrake: So when I was reading the suggestion to you about your hands being pulled together and moving, and coming together, did you have any thoughts about how this might go, or any thoughts about how your hands might move, or might not move, or anything along those lines?
P4: No.
Kevin Sheldrake: Did you have any thoughts at all?
P4: Hmm. Let's see... okay, I think, like... when you engage with your imagination... right? It's a... for me::... sort of things become transparent.
P4: So like, like this sort of a silver lining round.
P4: So images become very, very... more in more, in tune... with this, with sensitivity.
P4: You sort of engage with that sort of world of not using your visual perception, for me [gestures to self].
Kevin Sheldrake: So did you see any images in your mind's eye at all then?
P4: I it. It's more like a feeling.
P4: It's it's it's it's very sensorial, right? So it's like seeing with your skin.
Kevin Sheldrake: And so when your hands were moving, if you had to score that, so if we had to score between nought and five, where nought is you didn't feel it at all, and five is you felt it massively. Yeah, like, it's completely real.
P4: Yeah, it's very real. It's real.
Kevin Sheldrake: Yeah, so like a like a 4 or 5.
P4: Yeah, 5.
P4: Yeah, maybe not completely 5,
P4: because it sort of changed the colours.
P4: Imagination, right... the colour of the things around, right.
Kevin Sheldrake: So the colours of your hands, or the colours of the auras, or the...?
P4: Everything around and... in a silver lining space.
P4: So there is a difference; it's not completely exactly how you see it. Right.
P4: Sort of you feel... the around, and you feel the skin of your hands coming together right or trying to come together in your... you. You're it. You feel the pull, but also you're trying to resist the pull, right.
P4: Because naturally to me::: they start coming together. I don't know if they did or not, but they want to come together.
P4: But you have like this, this also, these two forces of coming and trying to resist it. It's an imaginary exercise, right.
Kevin Sheldrake: And so you talk about the colours changing and the and the silver lining.
P4: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: So. But but you talked about feeling more than seeing in that sense.
P4: Yeah, you see it, you see it, but from a different sort of perspective.
Kevin Sheldrake: So what you're seeing is in a different perspective from where your eyes are open.
P4: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: Like you're in a different physical position, like a third person looking at you?
P4: 1st 1st person like
P4: you can see the you can see like your hand, but also closer to your skin.
P4: So you get sort of very, very close to sort of how you your hands feel.
P4: Closer to like you being that character closer to the skin.
Kevin Sheldrake: So did they feel like your hands, or did they feel like...?
P4: Like you are the hands.
P4: Yeah, they're your hands, of course, but you are closer to to to the skin, you know.
Kevin Sheldrake: So would you say, the part of your mind that's controlling your hands? That's moved closer to your hands?
P4: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: So it feels like the hands themselves are doing the movement, Would you say?
P4: And and you're part of it, right, of that equation. It's not like they're independent of you.
P4: Like if I if I were talking in a film wise... you are... part of the hands and the skin of the hands, and the distance in between.
P4: So you you don't have yourself distant as your hand when you do things, right.
P4: but you sort of amplify that part of your body.
P4: Yeah. So your mind goes closer to be part of the hands of the sort of recept recept receptive fields of your hands. Right.
Kevin Sheldrake: So would you say, as a consequence, you were less aware of other parts of your body?
P4: Yes... absolutely.
Kevin Sheldrake: And would that extend to things like vision and hearing and things?
P4: No, everything like, I think, like hearing... it amplifies as well... right.
P4: Feeling most of anything, because he's a distant thing, right?
P4: Visual, it becomes sort of an internal eye.
P4: It's like you see with your skin... Right.
P4: And yeah, i i i think more than because you're not using your eyes.
P4: But you are using your eyes.
Kevin Sheldrake: Yeah, or the visual part of your brain.
P4: Yeah, inside, right?
P4: It's an internal sort of... okay. And that's... I. I mean, this is out of the frame completely. Right?
P4: If you're... when you're imagining things with your eyes closed... I'd. You can sort of manipulate the space around you, right.
P4: For example, you can guide yourself through sounds if you wanna harness that... right.
Kevin Sheldrake: So when the hands started moving, were you aware of the hands moving? And were you aware of where they were?
P4: I think they were moving. I think they were moving. I think they were. If I'm correct... they were like maybe 5 cm apart... is what I thought.
Kevin Sheldrake: At the end, they were maybe less than 5 cm. But yeah, very close from from here to here [gestures].
P4: Yeah, I felt I felt the stuff moving... right, because it's very difficult to control.
P4: But I tried to receive. And I they weren't that hot. They weren't that close. I know they weren't that close, but I know they moved. I know that.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay. So when you resisted, did you have a thought that told you should resist this in some way, or to feel how much they're moving, or how strong the force is? Or can you tell me more about the resistance side of things?
P4: Probably to not just go with the exercise... right.
P4: And trying to... put a distance about it, right.
P4: If not, you will go with the with the instruction, and go... to a sort of a... a... an inner consciousness sort of space. Maybe?
P4: So you would let your... volition go with that, right.
P4: you would let yourself follow and go... and go, maybe into a different sort of dreamy stage.
P4: Right, like you know the guided exercise, they do like you're walking through forest and blah blah blah.
P4: You need to let yourself go.
P4: Here is. It's an exercise of... sort of imagination and control. And you are... You need to be aware.
P4: So you let you. You. You can let yourself naturally go to a certain limit right?
Kevin Sheldrake: And so, where does the resistance come into that, then? Is that just stopping, going entirely...
P4: Yeah.
P4: It's like a force between the hands... that you impose... Right
Kevin Sheldrake: What that's pulling them together, or pushing them apart. So there's two forces going on. There's the one pulling, and then there's the one...
P4: Attracting.
Kevin Sheldrake: Yeah.
P4: Attracting and rejecting.
Kevin Sheldrake: At the same time?
P4: Yeah. The hands want to come in... and you put in them like a force apart, like a balloon.
Kevin Sheldrake: Would you, if I asked you before, would you be able to stop the force that's pushing them apart? Would you be able to...
P4: Manipulate that?
Kevin Sheldrake: Yeah, or just or just get rid of it so it wasn't there and then you just got the force pulling them together?
P4: Probably.
P4: Probably... if I wanted to. Yeah.
P4: I don't know. I need to see, because... because it depends when I do these sort of things. Sort of imaginary world.
P4: 'Cause I do these exercises sometimes, but for, let you know, I use these to sometime to fall asleep.
P4: To give you an example outside of the exercise, if we have the time, it's... I imagine, that the walls are transparent like silver... and Brighton is full of seagulls.
P4: So if I hear a seagull, [makes a seagull sound] I get inside the seagull... and I can see... sort of the horizon through the eyes of the Seagull.
P4: And then, if a car passes, I go inside the car and I see who's driving until they go away right? So it's like a journey.
P4: Acts until I fall asleep.
P4: And that's when I let this imaginary sort of... journey take me with through the audio.
P4: But that I do it by myself, so I don't know it. It. I never done it with somebody else guiding me.
P4: so we need to see if that you know, i i i'm sure that if we do this a few times I'm gonna be able to achieve, to to just let myself go with the journey.
