Participant 4, Suggestion 2 (Scored 4/5)

Kevin Sheldrake: So when we started that one what sort of thoughts did you have?
P4: So er my, the imagery I got it was like in the... in the line between the palms... right?
P4: So it's the it's darker. It's the ledge between the hands... and the the curves of this.
P4: Yeah. So that's where what I saw... right?
Kevin Sheldrake: Yeah. So you saw the insides of the [gestures to palms of hands]....
P4: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: Where they were stuck?
P4: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: And that's clear and bright and vivid?
P4: No it's dark.
Kevin Sheldrake: Dark?
P4: Between the hands. So you are. It's very hot, right?
P4: It's a bit sweaty, clammy.
P4: Right... and round the:: with sort of... a little red on the outside, very dark inside.
Kevin Sheldrake: But a very rich feeling of what is actually going on in there?
P4: Yeah. Really hot.
Kevin Sheldrake: And would you say, like the first one, would you say that the part of your mind that's aware of these things, would you say that's moved to...
P4: Yeah, inside.
Kevin Sheldrake: Inside?
P4: Yeah.
P4: You move yourself in, in, there.
Kevin Sheldrake: And so then, as I read on, and I said, you know they get more and more stuck, and you might try to separate them, did you try to separate them?
P4: I did. Er:::... but they were a little bit too much, because my skin's started melting.
Kevin Sheldrake: And that made it stickier?
P4: Stickier... So I sort of stretch them, and they become like... jelly like. Also like glue like. [gestures hands coming apart, but makes a sound to mimic glue stretching]
P4: And they came together.
Kevin Sheldrake: So were you aware of making them melt together? Were you in control of changing the feeling or the imagery?
P4: Yeah.
P4: They came together, they merged together, they become like [inaudible] warmer, super warmer.
P4: Start bending the bones together.
P4: Very nice, very cozy.
Kevin Sheldrake: So from the start of the suggestion to the end, it changed quite a bit over time? Was it just more and more things, so the first things were still there?
P4: I think. Yeah, at the beginning they were together, but it became warmer and warmer. Sweatier, right.
P4: That like sort of melting together, and becomes like a... like... cozy... right?
P4: And then... like... open it, and it was it was open it a little bit, and like came out and came together again, like when you're a kid, and you're playing with something, right?
Kevin Sheldrake: Did you have any thoughts at that point that you were kind of making this happen, and you could stop it from happening, or where your thoughts all about they're stuck, and I can't do anything about it?
P4: Yeah, I just was following the voice.
P4: And seeing what came from it, really.
Kevin Sheldrake: Did I influence the thoughts in your head, because of the words I used, or did you have your own thoughts?
P4: I think... I sort of followed what happened through your instructions.
P4: and then I allow:::ed... then to see what came out from my mind.
Kevin Sheldrake: And was that quite surprising what came from your mind?
P4: It was nice.
P4: It was really nice and.... joyful.
Kevin Sheldrake: But I suppose from a surprising perspective, I mean, did you expect those kind of changes?
P4: No.
Kevin Sheldrake: So maybe surprising from that point of view, because  maybe you didn't predict it?
P4: No, unpredictable.
P4: i i i didn't expect that I could. I could have gone into any direction.
P4: But I allowed it to go in any direction.
Kevin Sheldrake: And so on a on a different day, with a different person. Do you think that would go in a different direction?
P4: Yeah, changed, probably depend of ha! I think it depends. I don't know. This is now is completely like what I think right.
P4: Probably depend off of of the person you're talking with, and how you're feeling internally, right.
P4: If if you slept badly or or well
P4: so we also have, like a factor between the moment you're in where your your mind will take you following those instructions. They're like... you know?
Kevin Sheldrake: So, perhaps, in a certain situation, with a certain type of person, perhaps those things wouldn't have happened or maybe they'd have been different thoughts and imaginings?
P4: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: Would you think your hands wouldn't have been stuck if that was the case? Do you think if you had different things going because of a different situation, maybe they would have come apart?
P4: It depends how i i i don't know.
P4: I could try to predict... if that would happen... but that's difficult to predict.
P4: Probably how much you can let yourself into... following the instruction. It's... that can change a lot.
P4: You feel like you're not into it, or something like that. You are not gonna even imagine, right? You're gonna be like thinking about other things.
Kevin Sheldrake: And you think that would stop it from working?
P4: Probably. Yeah, sure.
P4: It's allowing yourself to to actually connect with a part of of... of your mind and your body right.
Kevin Sheldrake: Are you engaging with your body and your skin, and the feelings? Or are you engaging with the imagined world where your hands are stuck, or is it kind of both?
P4: It's both.
Kevin Sheldrake: And is, is one more important than the other?
P4: No, I think we yeah, I I would say, because my hands were together physically, right.
P4: So you have an anchor... a concrete anchor to feel things, right. Your hands are coming together, you feel the the heat that comes beneath side, you feel the sweat right? So you have a a physical anchor... to project from their onward, right.
P4: If it's just the imagination, right?
Kevin Sheldrake: So the first exercise was just imagination, because there was no physical anchor, was there, because your hands didn't touch?
P4: But you have the the direction.
P4: And you have the hands coming out right. [gestures hands straight out as per start of exercise 1]
P4: So it's not completely... er:: from your imagination that you're starting from a, I don't know, you're drawing a door, right, and you open the door, and you open and see what's come out, right, and where you are in the space. And then you're just simply from your mind. You're you're drawing the door right the handle. How's to handle how you pick up the handle? That's completely out of your mind.
P4: Right... Now when you become imagination, imagination is also reality.
P4: And if you do believe it... it's real.
P4: Not just for you, for you [gestures to experimenter] as well.
P4: Right? Because because... it's not just, it is what is around us, but it's around what we believe... and how we share it.
