Participant 4, Suggestion 3 (Scored 4/5)

Kevin Sheldrake: So for this exercise, if you had to score from zero to five where zero is you didn't hear it at all and five is you heard it very clearly, where would you score that?
P4: I heard it.
Kevin Sheldrake: So very clearly?
P4: Some some voices clearer than other.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay. So if you had to give it a number?
P4: 4.
Kevin Sheldrake: So what sort of thoughts were going through your mind as I was reading out that suggestion?
P4: It was m::ore emotional... to me.
Kevin Sheldrake: So can you describe that? Is that happiness or loving, or what? What would you say?
P4: I think it was melancholic.
Kevin Sheldrake: so, almost sad?
P4: Innocence, maybe.
P4: Like reminiscence.
P4: Missing something.
Kevin Sheldrake: So were you transported back to a time in the past?
P4: More that the voices of people I love. For example.
Kevin Sheldrake: And so were you consciously aware of making those voices?
P4: No, they came to my mind.
Kevin Sheldrake: And were you consciously aware of imagining anything along those lines?
P4: Not really
P4: like. They came to my sort of... yeah, it was emotional, like a memory.
P4: And... from lower I start sort of defining... which persons were around me... singing the happy birthday.
P4: and they come with them an emotional sort of... a memory.
P4: Yeah, funny.
Kevin Sheldrake: And so when we got to a point on there which was level 4, I think, and your hands went up
P4: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: So before that point, you couldn't hear it?
P4: I could hear it, but more like a like a whisper.
Kevin Sheldrake: And then it did increase, did it?
P4: But I I yeah, from the increase, I start sort of seeing the people who were around me... and the importance they had... the closest they wear, or the louder the voices.
Kevin Sheldrake: So again, a very rich kind of experience, like a very rich, imagined kind of world?
P4: Yeah.
P4: But I think it's it's funny, because it feels like you give the instructions, and my mind take over.
Kevin Sheldrake: So when your mind takes over, does that feel like you're in control, or does it feel like a part of your mind is doing it, and you are watching it, or feeling it, or experiencing it?
P4: That is the second.
P4: Hiding it completely at a conscious level... right?
P4: but it becoming... real... and you start getting consciousness of what it's presented in your head, right?
Kevin Sheldrake: So you know a bit of your brain is doing it, but at the same time...
P4: You're not in control, completely, right?
P4: Yeah. And then, for example, in the last exercise, it's more like, Oh, melancholy, right.
Kevin Sheldrake: And you didn't choose the melancholy feeling?
P4: No, it it arised through through the song, through the voices... and then you, feeling like... a little bit melancholic, a little bit sad.
Kevin Sheldrake: So the part of your mind that took heard the suggestion, and then made it happen, are you aware of any decisions or thoughts, or anything in that sense?
P4: No.
Kevin Sheldrake: So you would say that was automatic, I guess?
P4: I think so.
P4: It's the different sort of settings, right?
P4: it it opened different sort of... images... and even some with emotions.
P4: For example, it is similar to the hands together, right, hands together it was more like a warm thing... and cozy, right, and a little bit of a game... stage like a child... right?
P4: Like secure and cozy and playing with something. And this one came with... reminiscence of some people I love and I not in control of that is, it's it's just the happy birthday. How I make you feel, right. And suddenly you you're seeing people who are becoming... clearer the louder the voices. They get, right, and by the end you go. Oh fuck. -- Sorry! Excuse my --
Kevin Sheldrake: So if what I'd read said that it would just be a recording like a like a CD, or like an MP3 player just playing the sound, do you think the people would have come to you in your mind, anyway?
P4: If it's a real recording, may I? I don't know. I don't think so.
Kevin Sheldrake: So somehow you kind of made the recording in your mind and then that automatically kind of brought those people into the...
P4: Yeah, engage with something that some of your memory, your emotional side, that open that... sort of imagery around you, right?
P4: that I think if it's the real song, or is the song of your birthday, actual birthday, or or maybe, but with a lot of effort, right?
P4: See if it is just a random song, so it doesn't trigger your, you would need to engage with... would need more effort.
P4: Right from a imaginary sort of perspective.
P4: it would need maybe a few times to engage with the song, to trigger the sort of... your own memories because they don't have...
P4: You can project the voices of the people you love.
P4: You know their voices.
Kevin Sheldrake: Do you think it was important that it felt emotional? Did the emotion make the imagination or the reminiscence stronger?
P4: Yeah.
P4: Vivid.
Kevin Sheldrake: So if the emotion wasn't there because it was a different song, or is a real recording of somebody you don't know, do you think that would be different as a result?
P4: I don't know.
P4: i i i can, I can tell you. Yes, no, I I yes, not. But I don't really know.
Kevin Sheldrake: So with the other exercises, the hands coming together, the hands stuck together, do you think there was an emotional element to those beyond the imagination?
P4: I think it's like in the first one is, I would rate it the least emotion engaging... probably because it was the first exercise.
P4: So it for it felt that I I could feel the pull:: like the magnetic sort of feel between the hands::, right the space and and the re like sort of resistant force.
P4: The second one... through the warmth, it became emotional, it became cozy, right.
Kevin Sheldrake: So when it was warm and cozy, do you think that made it feel stickier and harder to get your hands apart?
P4: Yeah, right, it it come, it came together, right, like the the the instruction and the imagery and the feel.
P4: It were feeding each other.
P4: So it was easier to actually go, and we are inside the skin, the skin melting, and it becomes like like marmalade, right, and the bones are coming together, and then [gestures and makes swoosh noise] you open your your mind into the next and it's it's warm and playful, right.
P4: And enjoyable, right.
P4: It could be stressful.
Kevin Sheldrake: And would it still work if it was stressful?
P4: Yeah.
P4: It would trigger probably something in a different emotional, dynamic.
Kevin Sheldrake: So would you say, it's the amount of emotion, and not which emotion that seems to be important in that?
P4: I think is is is between... different, different, right?
P4: Like, how vivid you're gonna allowed your imagination to take over
P4: how... What sort of emotions, triggers... for me, right? And how? How? How that emotion... if it's... it, trigger a higher level... through your mind? Right?
P4: It can go very. They would increase intensity.
P4: Of course, if if there is a force that you can... you know you cannot control, I mean together. You cannot separate your hand. It can be... it. It could trigger... some kind of negative emotions.
P4: That repression can could be very could increase intensity in emotion it's triggering.
Kevin Sheldrake: Do you have any other thoughts or comments, or anything that you want to say before we wrap up?
P4: Not really not really. I mean, I... I like imagination. I use these journeys quite a lot a lot, because... like as a person... to feed in like from a different corner, sometimes I like imagining how it feels the wind in a bland [blind?]... or how insect the vibration, right, and the air that it's moved by lead to insects that fly in this in the space when I'm looking at them right by trying to apply the feeling... of being... a different creature, right? And how that interact with the with the world within that hold them. I like those games.
