Participant 5, Suggestion 1 (Scored 4/5)


Kevin Sheldrake: If we had a scale between zero and five, where zero is you didn't feel any effect at all of five is you felt your hands being pulled together the most powerfully they could possibly be, how would you score that?
P5: So like 3.5 to 4.
P5: they they they did feel like they were going like that. [gestures hands coming together at angles where thumbs end up touching but other fingers are further apart, like a triangle shape, where the thumbs are the top corner and the little fingers make the two lower corners]
P5: So wow.
Kevin Sheldrake: Did you feel in touch?
P5: No, they were like this far away when you said [makes similar gesture] okay.
Kevin Sheldrake: I thought they might have actually touched. But...
P5: I missed [gestures again but with thumbs not touching, but instead overlapping so they look like they are touching]. Yeah, I must have done that.
Kevin Sheldrake: So we're going to examine those few seconds in as much detail as possible again. So when I first was reading the suggestion before your hands started moving, did you have any thoughts about the experiment, or about your hands?
P5: Not much. I I was. I was focused on understanding what you were saying.
Kevin Sheldrake: And because you had your eyes closed, were you seeing your hands similar to before, or different to before [referring back to the warm up exercise]?
P5: I was seeing them kind of like a little 'cause I could, I could actually feel them going like that [gestures as before with hands making a triangle shape]. I was thinking more like houses, you know. Roofs?
P5: wooden roofs, some reason.
P5: But yeah, it did feel like... I I thought of them more as houses like that, instead of hands, so different to last time.
Kevin Sheldrake: Did they look like houses, or did it just have the shape of a roof?
P5: It looks like... like wooden planks of a of a roof... but not not the rest of the house.
Kevin Sheldrake: While your hands were moving, were you aware of them moving?
P5: Yes.
Kevin Sheldrake: Did it feel weird that your hands were moving by themselves, or did you expect it?
P5: It... It felt natural that they were moving together, but it didn't feel very voluntary.
P5: so it didn't feel like weird that they were like, Oh, my God!
P5: But it's slowly. Yeah, it felt like.
P5: because also every now and again my, I felt my fingers like twitch. But I think that kind of like moved them closer together.
P5: So... yeah, it didn't feel very voluntary, but didn't feel weird in a way.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay. So when you say you felt your fingers twitch, and then it felt like they moved closer together, do you think the twitching encouraged the movement?
P5: Probably yeah.
P5: they didn't. They didn't feel very static.
Kevin Sheldrake: So apart from imagining about the roofs and the things like that, was there any other kind of imagery that sprung to mind at all?
P5: I had some imagery that, like... they were attached by strings. But on this side [gestures the backs of the hands] as opposed to like attached this way [gestures hands coming together].
P5: But they they they weren't being pulled by the strings [gestures hands moving apart]. They were still going that way [gestures hands coming together].
Kevin Sheldrake: So somebody else said to me that they were aware of two forces, one pulling them together and one trying to pull them apart.
P5: It felt like there was a presence that was like feeling like pulling apart. But there was... but it wasn't really acted on... in a way, as in like there was string that obviously would would be to go that way [gestures hands moving apart], but it but it didn't really do much of that, anyway, so... I don't know. I think it must have been like a representation, that it... could go that way.
Kevin Sheldrake: And if you did want to stop it from happening, do you think you could have done?
P5: I guess if I tried really hard. Yeah, I'm not quite sure.
Kevin Sheldrake: What you're saying makes me feel like it would have taken some effort if that was, and it may or may not be possible, I guess?
P5: I think it would be possible. Yeah.
P5: But I wasn't trying. So I'm quite sure.
