Participant 5, Suggestion 2 (Scored 3/5)

Kevin Sheldrake: So if you were to score that one on a scale of zero to five, with zero being not sticky at all, and five being stuck, how would you score that, do you think?
P5: I think more around a three.
Kevin Sheldrake: and so from the moment we started that one, what thoughts or pictures or feelings came to mind?
P5: Um:::... I was think... I I was thinking a bit of cement to be honest.
P5: Um... But also, when when I was thinking of my stuck hands. I wasn't thinking of my palms being stuck more my fingers together, and like the base [gestures palms together].
P5: But... when you started talking about it being sticky, I get really... I get really hyper aware when I have sticky hands. So I felt like. I think it was quite... less of a like of an experience, because... because I'm so hyper aware of having sticky hands, I know that they don't really feel very sticky, so they don't feel... 
P5: it didn't feel like like they were sticky. They felt like they were stuck to an extent, but not really sticky.
Kevin Sheldrake: So in terms of them being stuck, was there anything else that was kind of evocative of them being stuck together?
P5: Think I'm thinking a lot about arch architecture today, but it did feel like cement beams like each finger was a cement beam... stuck together.
P5: but not the palms. The palms were more freely to move.
P5: but then I think I did move them at the end, when you said, Try and move them away.
Kevin Sheldrake: So beams and would beams be stuck together, or were the fingers part of the same beam?
P5: They didn't feel like stuck together like that [gestures fingers straight pointing towards same fingers on opposite hand]. I was thinking about beams like that [gestures hands flat against each other, palms and fingers touching]
Kevin Sheldrake: Right. So if they were like that [gestures fingers straight pointing towards same fingers on opposite hand], it would be a continuous beam.
P5: Yeah.
P5: Maybe there was like a beam for each one.
P5: for each stuck pair of fingers.
P5: I don't know.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay, would you say that if that thing you were imagining was real, that your fingers couldn't come apart?
P5: [nods head]
Kevin Sheldrake: Yeah.
P5: Erm::... I did try, but I think I think the tip stuck, but... from the base of my palms they started to come... come loose.
Kevin Sheldrake: Yeah, I was thinking more about the metaphor or the imagining.
P5: Oh!
P5: i i i imagine the beams is like... beams as themselves like this [gestures two fingers side by side]. Like two of my fingers would be one beam. There wouldn't be like a connection.
Kevin Sheldrake: So it's not really that they're stuck in that sense, it's more that they're part of the same thing.
P5: Yeah, they were like the same, the same material.
Kevin Sheldrake: So if that was true, they wouldn't have come apart.
P5: No.
Kevin Sheldrake: And how did that make you feel from a kind of an emotional point of view? Was it intriguing? Was it exciting? Was it boring? Were you nonchalant about it? I mean, how did you feel?
P5: I think, like beams-wise, it felt... yeah, nonchalant.
P5: but when when you were mentioning sticky hands like, Oh, well, this isn't right 'cause I don't feel like I have sticky hands.
P5: so I don't know. Those part of me was like, Oh, it's not really working, because I'm not thinking of sticky, but also like cement-wise. It's just yeah. It felt just a bit solid.
P5: It is what it is I'm not sure.
Kevin Sheldrake: Is there anything else that you can recall that went through your mind or you felt, or you pictured, during that exercise that would be of interest?
P5: No, I don't think so.
