Participant 5, Suggestion 3 (Scored 0/5)

Kevin Sheldrake: So you didn't raise your hand. I imagine that's because you didn't hear it satisfactory. Could you hear it at all?
P5: I could hear some ambient noise that could been it. But I I didn't. I didn't hear happy birthday to you, so I didn't put my hand up.
Kevin Sheldrake: What kind of thoughts and feelings and imaginings were going through your mind while this was going on?
P5: I was, I was thinking... er:: that I've done that experiment before in one of them. So I was thinking, I wonder whether I'd hear it this time, because I do remember hearing it then... but not now.
P5: and I was also wondering whether anything around in my room and my house would... change it. But then I tried really hard to hear it, and I heard nothing, anyway.
P5: But visually I was thinking more like... I was thinking of a chasm.
P5: and so like the words happy birthday birthday like inside the chasm, but I couldn't hear any of it.
P5: so I was. I was like preparing myself visually, but I didn't... hear any of it.
Kevin Sheldrake: Did you have any thoughts about not hearing it? So when you realised that you weren't hearing it, for example, what kind of thoughts did you have about that?
P5: Hmm! I think once you said like, now, this will be the highest setting. Oh, I'm not gonna hear it. If that's the highest setting that's not gonna happen.
P5: I tried to hear it, and yeah.
P5: I thought I might hear it near the end. But then you said, like the next one is going to be the highest setting, so I was like no, it wasn't happening.
Kevin Sheldrake: So before I said that, there wasn't really anything in your mind that was kind of indicating that it wasn't gonna happen then I guess?
P5: No, I thought I thought like... during towards the end, I would hear something.
Kevin Sheldrake: Is there anything else that you're aware of in your mind, like pictures, or any feelings or anything like that?
P5: Erm:::... I was thinking of like happy birthday in like birthday kind of colours.
P5: but like in like a loopy handwriting.
P5: Yeah, generally, I think I visualise... a lot, and I'm not very good with like auditory learning and stuff like that in general. So I think I was just like preparing myself to hear something by thinking of it visually, and I was just thinking... of it like in a pit, a dark pit.
P5: but I thought like eventually I'd be able to like hear it from that. But I didn't.
