Participant 6 Suggestion 2 (Scored 5/5)

Kevin Sheldrake: If we had the same scale of zero to five and zero is you didn't feel it at all and five is you really really felt it, how would you score that one, do you think?
P6: Definitely, five.
P6: Yeah, it's just like I felt like the heat and stuff. Yeah.
P6: electrical energy. What's it called that that kind of energy?
Kevin Sheldrake: So in terms of what went through your mind like your thoughts and feelings, and imaginings, what sort of things were going on there?
P6: It felt like if there was like a glue... on this part [gestures to base of hand] and my fingers especially
P5: Erm:: and it was kind of hot.
P6: And then when you started to tell me, like when you started to tell me like separate, separate them... it was kind of a little bit diff like difficult, but then I managed to do it.
Kevin Sheldrake: and so you had your eyes closed, could you see your hands in your imagination, or was it just black, or?
P6: Yeah, I did.
P6: Yeah I did. I did imagine it.
Kevin Sheldrake: And did your hands look normal? You know, normal size, normal shape, normal colour, or were they different?
P6: Not not with like extreme details, but... um... I've seen that. What's it called like soft movements? [gestures hand moving down arm from upper arm to hand] I've seen how how it was there... The way I did it, but then not not in extreme details.
Kevin Sheldrake: So you said you imagined glue, did you imagine any other things alongside it? So some people imagine that people are pushing it, or there are ropes, or strings, or various other things. Did any other imagining occur?
P6: No, it's just sticky. It's sticky glue.
Kevin Sheldrake: So very much like the words of the suggestion, which was about sticky and stuck. It was that kind of thing?
P6: Yeah. Could be, yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: And did you feel like you were doing that, or did you feel like it was happening to you? Or how would you describe that?
P6: Um... I mean, when you said I have to do that... I just felt like they were automatically sticking. I wasn't actually making the effort.
P6: When I have to [inaudible] -- sorry -- to separate them, I did feel it. So, I think I made the effort to do that, but... in terms of like sticking them together, I don't think so, It's just automatic.
Kevin Sheldrake: And when you did pull them apart, you put in effort to pull them apart, did you feel like it was difficult, and that difficulty wasn't something you were doing? That was more something that is the same as before, or?
P6: No I I'm doing... yeah, separating them... but in terms of sticking them it was like automatic.
Kevin Sheldrake: So it didn't really feel like you were doing much to keep them stuck?
P6: Yeah.
