Participant 6 Suggestion 3 (Scored 5/5)

Kevin Sheldrake: Okay, so again, if we had to score that on a scale of zero to five, zero being you didn't hear anything and five being you could really hear happy birthday to you being played, how would you score that one?
P6: Um... to be honest with you. I didn't understand the task very much, where I thought you can actually play it.
P6: That's my bad. But in terms of like imagining... I can imagine it. I can hear it.
P6: But maybe it's just because I didn't understand the task.
Kevin Sheldrake: So if you had to score that between nought and five in terms of how much you've heard it, where would you put that?
P6: Five.
Kevin Sheldrake: What thoughts and feelings and imaginings did you have during that one?
P6: Erm::... I was focusing more understanding the task. Is it gonna be like, are you gonna actually play it? Or do I have to hear someone like playing it.
P6: But either way, I've just heard it.
P6: Yeah, if it was like playing next to me.
P6: and with like, different kind of sound levels.
P6: Yeah, turn it, down a little bit higher, like, quite extreme. Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: Are you aware that you were imagining that? Or is that something that just felt like it was playing outside?
P6: Just popped... yeah, automatically... literally popped in my ear.
Kevin Sheldrake: So when I said, It's getting louder, did that automatically change in response?
P6: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: And did you have to imagine anything else or did that just feel like it just happened naturally, without you being involved?
P6: Erm::... Actually, I did where? Because I'm also like half [other nationality], and we have, like that kind of like [other nationality], also music like happy birthday, so it can also my mind in [other language].
Kevin Sheldrake: How how did you feel about it when you could hear? Did it feel surprising to be able to hear that? Or is that just a normal?
P6: Just like a soundtrack like they expected normal English at the beginning. Soundtrack.
