Participant 7 Suggestion 1 (Scored 2/5)

Kevin Sheldrake: How did you feel before we started, because obviously you talked about it in the practice that there's some apprehension, some anxiety, perhaps. Could you just talk me through all the different things you're thinking, just as we started that one before before anything started to move?
P7: Yes, I think... like what they call it, demand characteristics like, I said, with wanting to... to feel what it is... the researcher is... trying to say. And and... you know, there's like, you said, the apprehension and the... the wish for the experience as well, and and the demand characteristic, and all of that. So I think the whole thing... somehow work.
P7: I think again what what I think... was maybe different with this suggestion. I think, compared to how it was read before.
P7: Not sure if if if there it was more yielding to actual... let me see, it said. Like to to feel like a power.
P7: So initially, I thought, Okay, do I want power that comes from the externally to the hands and push them together? Or I want something that pull them together. But then, you said, pulling them together.
P7: And somehow we just felt like, yeah, okay, let's just let's like, let's... go with it, you know. Let's... Let let let it happen that I will feel that force kind of situation and.
Kevin Sheldrake: So if we had a scale from zero to five, where zero was you felt nothing at all and five was that your hands were moving by themselves, how would you score that?
P7: It's almost like... Must have been something that... made the hands move... and... maybe it wasn't the force that I felt.
P7: It pulled the hands, but it was like almost the result... of that force... that my hands felt. If that makes sense.
Kevin Sheldrake: So if you had to give it a number.
P7: It's all like, I... kind of felt a force more like my hands were, yeah, yeah, my hands are kind of gone by themselves, or even though I didn't feel the force between them. That was.
Kevin Sheldrake: Oh, I see, so you weren't aware of feeling the force, but your hands moved for whatever reason. We don't necessarily have to label it why.
P7: It was natural for them to move... for them to move. I didn't make the move kind of intentionally.
P7: They kind of just like... they They They answered the call of that force, and they moved.
Kevin Sheldrake: so I guess you could say, 'cause you're aware that your hands were moving, I guess you would say that you felt an effect.
Kevin Sheldrake: So out of zero to five, which is how much did you feel the effect, how much do you think you felt it? If zero was not at all, and five was the most it could ever be?
P7: Hmm!... I would say like 2 or 3... 2.
P7: I mean, you would only feel that kind of force in the real life when when you're holding a rubber band or something and it pulls you together.
P7: It's not something that you... or maybe when you're holding something. Yeah.
P7: I'm just saying, maybe it's easier to to feel it because it's more common sensation that you have when you're holding something you have to apply force or... rather than I don't know.
Kevin Sheldrake: So with your eyes closed, did you have images in your mind? Could you see things in your mind's eye, as it were? So some people see the room. Some people see their hands. Some people just see blackness.
P7: Think I would say, blackness, yeah.
P7: I vaguely remember you saying something with visual visual kind of instructions. No. Was there anything about... looking around... any reference to looking?
Kevin Sheldrake: No, not really.
Kevin Sheldrake: Were you aware of where your hands were in space for the duration of the exercise? So they started out here [gestures], and they ended up here [gestures].
P7: i i i i didn't have the the the fear of missing the hands [reference to warm up exercise].
P7: Kind of... trusted... you know, they're pulling each other. And in fact, they... they started attracting together about halfway, so some of your instructions were already being...
P7: I was just like trying to kind of squeeze them even more like, you know, to really merge into each other at that point. But... you know they've already touched each other.
P7: So like you say, they're moving closer and closer, and I'm already here [gestures hands pressed together]. Then it's can just be like...
Kevin Sheldrake: So you weren't aware of moving them together, you've already sort of said that, but were you aware of doing anything that would that made them come together? So some people imagine certain things some people absorb themselves in some sort of story or something, and they know that's somehow connected. Was there anything like that?
P7: I think for me specifically about like attaching and merging.
P7: It's more like of a whole body sensation that you experience occasionally when you're having like amazing sex with someone and you feel like your bodies start to like... you know, just kind of you lose the boundaries, and you and you just... merging.
P7: So when, when the hands were like touching, I was trying to... to create that sensation that the hands have literally kind of gone into each other when there's no... no boundaries anymore.
P7: So it it... the meaning of them getting closer together became like basically crossing that divide line and kind of... you know, effectively... erm
P7: Nice. I suppose that's a phenomenological control.
