Participant 7 Suggestion 2 (Scored 1/5)

Kevin Sheldrake: So let's start by scoring that between zero and five in terms of how much you felt that effect. Where would you put that, do you think?
P7: Er:: One.
Kevin Sheldrake: Okay, fair enough. So it didn't feel particularly sticky or stuck?
P7: No, I felt like I I it felt like, okay, I could... very easily separate them, obviously.
P7: I'll I'll play the game... and... give it as if it has a bit of stuckness. But not... it's not... it's not something. It's nothing. Yeah, it's it's like... tiny bit sticky
P7: if they like maybe tie like maybe two finger pads are sweating so they... they they could be a bit sticky like that, but not.
Kevin Sheldrake: Did you move? Did you separate your hands?
P7: Yeah, I I didn't separate, but I was like very, very close to separating it. But again, it was because I felt like, I want to feel the little stuckness.
P7: I I didn't imagine that... big like I'm glued now, and I can't move.
P7: I was imaging more like the light... the light kind of... stuckness of.
Kevin Sheldrake: So when did you start imagining that kind of light stuckness? Was it right at the beginning when I said, they're beginning to stick together? Or was it later on in the suggestion=?
P7: Not not right from the start.
P7: Erm:: think it took a few sentences.
P7: Think I felt a bit like, okay. So it was... this. Now it's gonna be the opposite, erm::
Kevin Sheldrake: So your initial thoughts were that it was gonna be pushing apart?
P7: Erm:: no, I was just like, you know, being cerebral about like the instruction order, and you know you said it earlier. It will tie on from what we spoke earlier about it merging now it's separating, and... it's kind of... processing all of this, and then... and then, yeah, then I've I've you know I've put them together, and I try to feel them being a bit stuck, and to certain extent, you know, there was a bit more. And then you said, Oh, and now you're gonna try how stuck they are, or something along these lines.
P7: It's kind of like. Okay. Now let's try and separate. And at that point the thought came to my hand idea. Of course, like it's nothing. There's no... not feeling really stuck here.
Kevin Sheldrake: So if I was to unpack that. So from the beginning, when I said put your hands out and start with them together, you were having a lot of cognitions about where it might go as an exercise?
P7: Yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: But at some point they went away, and at some point you were imagining the light sort of stickiness. Did they overlap with the cognitions? Or was it like the cognitions went away a bit, and then you focussed more on the sticky?
P7: Yeah, I mean, you know it. It was this a thought that lasted about a couple of seconds, and then I was like, Okay, but now, let's focus on on that now.
Kevin Sheldrake: And then we got to the challenge, which was, why don't you see how stuck they are?
P7: I think I've already tried before you even said it. When you said they stuck I wanted to try how stuck they are. So then you said to me then I was like, Yeah, I've done it already.
Kevin Sheldrake: But you had the thought in your mind. So when you tried to work out how stuck they were is that when you had the thought in your mind which was, of course I could just separate these?
P7: Yeah, cause I I started to try. And I've realised that. Yeah, it's because I'm not pulling hard and...
Kevin Sheldrake: So they didn't really move that much. But you knew in your mind...
P7: It's not that they didn't move, because I felt like they're really stuck. They didn't move because I wanted to gather at what... point, or, you know, just kind of gauge...
Kevin Sheldrake: How stuck are they?
P7: I think, yeah, they, yeah.
Kevin Sheldrake: Yeah, would you say, that's you testing reality there? You're testing if your reality has changed, I guess? And if it has, how much is that?
P7: Yeah, yeah... it kind of like, you know, it's a nice sensation to feel that your hands are maybe stuck when they're not. And you want to try, how, how...
Kevin Sheldrake: So again, in terms of imagination and images and pictures, was there anything that you were seeing, or you were you were thinking about in terms of imagined situations?
P7: I suppose that if I had an image then it would have been an image of, you know, two hands trying to separate. And you know, maybe like... things like kind of stick between them. And kind of you know... like real kind of glue, or something that's kind of... you know... I had that kind of... you know, mental image.
Kevin Sheldrake: And then when you did test, would you say that what you then felt didn't match with that imagined situation and that led you to the belief, Oh, I could just pull them apart, or did you kind of know it as well, anyway? Does that make sense?
P7: I think the image was more of a prototypical... what two hands stuck together look like for the like... for the typical thought of that. So that's what... was there.
P7: Whether I compared what was in my mind to that image, possibly... kind of...
Kevin Sheldrake: But you're not entirely aware if you did that comparison, which is worth knowing if that's the case?
P7: I suppose that I did, 'cause I think that was a typical one, was, you know, full of glue in lots of different places, maybe even in the palms of the hands and... you know... and in between the fingers... and in in the... phenomenological control reality of the situation, I felt maybe there's a bit here [gestures fingers together and coming apart and together again]. The the finger pad... not quite like really stuck one of of the image. Therefore quite easy to separate.
Kevin Sheldrake: So would you say that there's the imagined, like the prototypical kind of imagined scenario, and then there's the created reality, which is much less than that? It's just like the sweat on the fingertips, and then there's the actual reality, which is well, they're just not stuck?
P7: On this exercise. On this exercise, I think the the yeah, the three existed like the the prototype... the the phenomenological control reality... like cognition but, like previously in in the one of getting together, I didn't have... a prototypical... image, then, for example, so some something about this one... generated this... you you know this, this image where before...
Kevin Sheldrake: Did you feel anything like a sensation, either bodily or just, mentally, or whatever? Were there any other feelings that weren't normal for that sort of thing? Some people feel like a tingliness in their fingers. Some people felt their hands were bigger than they were. There's all sorts of things that people say. I just wonder if there's anything along those lines that you experienced?
P7: No::: don't think so.
Kevin Sheldrake: Another question I'd like to ask about that is if the prototypical imagined scenario of all the glue, if that had been real, because there was real glue, would that have stopped your hands coming apart, or would you have felt some level of resistance that you would not normally have felt?
P7: I I would imagine now, if there was real glue of some sort, and you were like pulling it, and and it would offer resistance... yeah... It would.
