Participant 7 Suggestion 3 (Scored 0/5)

Kevin Sheldrake: Would you like to talk me through from the beginning like what sort of things you're thinking, or imagining, or feeling?
P7: But to be honest with you, I I don't know how you can imagine that someone who's done this and already been briefed about this exercise will ever hear... it again, you know.
Kevin Sheldrake:  Oh, so if you had to score that between zero and five, where where would you put that?
P7: It's a zero. Yeah.
P7: So was, okay. Maybe occasionally they do. They do like a placebo one. And they actually do play the music, you know. Let's say, after Number 3... and then, if you said you haven't, then you you you know you're not actually... you know.
P7: That's crazy by itself, if you if you didn't hear it when it was played, because you expected not to hear it. So I was like, you know, with that ear open, waiting to see. Maybe he will play it, and obviously I was like, why, if I will hear it, I'll be surprised I heard it, but I would assume that it's like a placebo... so so I kind of like, well, okay, let's see if I hear it or not. You know I wasn't... against hearing it, but I assume that especially because in like I said, I think first time I was... thinking that maybe there would. It would be played, you know, and maybe they just wanted to see people start hearing it.
P7: So I was like, open to hearing something very faint, maybe, and like saying, Wow, okay, like something, but... nothing, nothing, nothing came, no, no.
Kevin Sheldrake: Did you imagine anything as a result of this suggestion?
P7: I think I was. I was like... half expecting it to be. If if I was to hear it then I was... thinking, it's probably going to be like a group of kids... thinking, singing, happy birthday to you rather than a person or... woman or something like this.
P7: Erm::: yeah, more. I was just like... you know, when you're sitting, and you're trying to hear something. So I was just... here.
Kevin Sheldrake: But you weren't doing anything to create that experience, either, I guess? Or not willing it into existence or anything?
P7: No, I didn't want... I didn't see any reason why I would will it into existence.
P7: I think, with with the hands... you're like in control of the muscles. So... you can kind of like... you know, like, I say, if I want to experience the force in my hands... you know, if you, if you have a... body with mass in a field of gravity, it's compelled to move, you know. So it's like... you, you know...
P7: With this I there was nothing that I could use to bring about the the experience, I suppose like I can with my hands.
Kevin Sheldrake: Do you have any other kind of reflections on anything we've done in this session that you wanna let us know before we finish?
P7: I I think it's I think it's yeah. It's good that you that you're going qualitative on this. And and... try to figure out around... subject.
